#ModalDialogue#

ModalDialogue is a UI module that enables three types of modal dialogue to be generated using a
simple dialogue definition object. The object is referred to throughout as an MDD (Modal Dialogue
Definition.)

The three types of dialogues generated by ModalDialogue: __single view__, __wizard__ and __multi view__,
each of the above type are created by using the __createSingle__, __createWizard__ and __createMultiView__
methods respectively.

Each of the above methods use the same standard MDD object to define the dialogue.

##Support:##

ModalDialogue is tested on Chrome 15+, FireFox 10+ and IE8+. Appearance will degrade for
less capable browsers. (e.g. lack of gradient support, box-shadow support, transition support, etc.)

##Usage:##

The ModalDialogue module can be imported using requirejs (with a baseUrl in the modules directory,) using
the following:

	require(['UI/ModalDialogue/ModalDialogue'],function(ModalDialogue){
	
		// use the modal dialogue...
	
	});

As you can see, the ModalDialogue does not require instantiation and can be used directly.

###ModalDialogue.createSingle###

createSingle generates a simple single-view dialogue 

Example:

	dialogue.createSingle({
		'title' : 'Pane 3',
		'body' : 'This is some body text.',
		'buttons' : {close : true}
	});

###ModalDialogue.createWizard###

This method creates a dialogue that looks like the simple createDialogue, except that it allows
you to specify multiple dialogue objects which can be used in a wizard-like fashion. createWizard
takes an array of MDD objects.

Example:

	dialogue.createWizard([{
		'title' : 'Pane 1',
		'body' : 'This is some body text.',
		'buttons' : {next : true}
	},{
		'title' : 'Pane 2',
		'body' : 'This is some body text.',
		'buttons' : {next : true,prev : true}
	},{
		'title' : 'Pane 3',
		'body' : 'This is some body text.',
		'buttons' : {prev : true,close : true}
	}]);

The above example will create a three-pane wizard with buttons for switching between them. Specifying
the prev and next buttons with a boolean value will cause the buttons to use the standard title and callback,
you can make your own, and the callback will be executed in the context of the dialogue.

If you're specifying your own callback, you can access the panes using __this.panes__, and the 
dialogue object with __this.wizard__.

###ModalDialogue.createMultiView###

createMultiView will create a complex view-based dialogue that provides a navigation sidebar and a 
main view area. The navigation area allows you to switch between views. Each view is defined as a standard MDD,
with the addition of a __navTitle__ member, which sets the title in the navigation. (If unspecified, the navigation 
title defaults to the view title.)

The dialogue object is passed a title, which is used in the sidebar.

Buttons are not specified on a per-view basis, instead buttons are specified within the dialogue definition, and 
the standard close button is available as a template. Views are specified in the __views__ member, which is an array.

Example:

	dialogue.createMultiView({
		"title" : "Sidebar Title.",
		"views" : [MDD1,MDD2,MDDn],
		"buttons" : {close:true}
	});

###MDD###

The Modal Dialogue Definition (MDD) defines modal dialogue properties such as the title, body, buttons, etc.
The MDD needs at least a title and body in order to pass as a valid MDD, otherwise the method will throw an error.

####MDD.title####

The title defines the contents of the dialogue header text.

####MDD.body####

The body property accepts two types of data: HTMLElement and String. MDD.body can also be an array of HTMLElements 
or strings, or a mixture of the two.

####MDD.buttons####

The buttons property allows you to specify a button or buttons that will be used within the dialogue. The buttons 
property is an object, where the property keys wherein determine the __title__ of the button, and the value of the 
property defines the function used as a __callback__ upon the button click.

A button template can be used by specifying a standard template name as a property key, and a boolean true value.

For example :

	var MDD = {
		'buttons' : {close : true}
	}

The above MDD (omitting the necessary title and body properties) will use a standard close button template. Other
button templates available when using the createWizard method are __prev__ and __next__, which change to the previous
or next view.

####MDD.customClass####

The customClass property specifies the class attribute for the dialogue. The customClass property can either be a string
or an array of strings.

####MDD.form####

The form object has two properties: __name__ and __inputs__, the name property
is a string that will be used to refer to the form in the callbacks. The inputs
property is an array that contains objects that define an input.

An input object allows the following properties:

- __title__ - If the title property is set it will put the value into a label 
and the input element into the label.

- __type__ - The input type. Defaults to text.

- __name__ - The input name.

- __default__ - The default input value.

####MDD.alignment####

Defaults to left, accepts __center__, __justify__ and __right__. (Changes the text-align property.)

####MDD.errorDialogue####

Adds an error background image.